docs: update blog description, keywords and tags (#1249)
iresty/iresty.github.io: blog/en/blog/2021/06/29/release-apache-apisix-2.7.md

keywords:
- Apache APISIX
- Release Notes

> Description: API Gateway Apache APISIX 2.7.0-Release is officially released! This release supports multilingual plug-ins, enhanced four-layer TCP proxy, and NGINX functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: API Gateway Apache APISIX 2.7.0 is officially released! This release supports multilingual plugins, enhanced four-layer TCP proxy, and NGINX functionality.
```
